alright let's dip it in some water to
make sure it's no longer gonna be what
uh hot you're watching the epic unboxing
of church and the epic unboxing yeah
fire it up what's up guys we just got
out of a boxing wall up and now we're
going to get epic unboxing and now what
are we doing so we actually bought
torches this says use under close adult
supervision which means actually lexing
I can do this because it's what now you
guys are both going to do a little bit
each and now we're gonna hold it like
this away from the fire and daddy's
gonna touch the lighter and everybody
laugh at sky mom's shoes hey what in the
world and she brought up something
Robbie Robbie from ready Jeff alright
she brought some water so in case torch
is getting too torched up we're gonna
have some water now are you guys ready
I'm ready
wall up is the GoPro all set all set go
ready and whoa whoa oh my gosh what let
go don't no more oh my gosh
you actually glitter on fire and whoa
whoa oh my gosh
wait let go kill no more oh my gosh you
actually glitter on fire whoa whoa
okay let my try a little bit my colder
bottom look George
oh it's like look at the box guys are
you burning the cart oh maybe but we'll
just burn that part then should put an
extra stick use a torch with it
whoa and it's all done thank you
that happened really quick you guys want
to light that one for fun
yeah all right that was really quick all
right Tate you want to light it
okay mommy you you help chase hold it
but I think torch is all done don't you
guys think torch is done you could Oh
skeeto I ready and Skylanders are
waterproof remember
tell Mike see Skylanders are waterproof
what would give you that look at that oh
we got a leaky box here the card is bent
we've torched the torch card it's burnt
finish opening it this is so melted ooh
I think her head
it's like crispy get it Thanks he's
getting towards what's the damage like
Lex she's a little dirty little dirty
but not damaged huh yeah all right well
it looks to be okay yeah okay here's
your fire girl to join small D joints
moldy cheese and there's what the card
looks like crispy wet it's like
opposites I'm gonna stay the car right
there watch your shirt you're gonna get
crispy stuff on it hey we should just
get some chicken we can get raw chicken
put that on there and then it'll be
crispy chicken without even cooking it
we should do this we should do that for
dinner tomorrow yeah what not a good
idea okay huh what what what thank you
Oh Mike lost this shoe all right
Oh